README.md, before:

# Grocery Spending Tracker

Developer Names: Ryan Yeh, Allan Fang, Sawyer Tang, Jason Nam

Date of project start: September 17, 2023

## Project Description

With the ever-rising cost of living, the financial burden of everyday purchases is constantly growing. This is especially true for groceries which puts spending on food at an all time high. This is a problem for all households but is especially true for low-income individuals such a students. As a result, the emphasis on managing personal finance and spending has only grown. To assist these individuals, we want to develop an app to help them better understand their spending habits and make well-informed consumer decisions. 

The objectives of this app would be to:
- allow users to track and categorize grocery spending via photos of receipts
- track and analyze personal spending trends based on receipts
- utilize other receipts from other users to recommend cheaper alternatives for similarly purchased grocery items

The development scope of the app would be:
- A UI for a mobile app
- Optical character recognition
- A centralized database for all products
- Mapping of receipt names to database names
- A social network to recommend cheaper alternatives to users

With this app, we believe users will be able to make smarter decisions about what they purchase and minimize the financial burden of increasing costs.

## Folders
The folders and files for this project are as follows:

docs - Documentation for the project
refs - Reference material used for the project, including papers
src - Source code
test - Test cases
etc.

Commit message:

Issue #454: Reflection Document and Misc. Cleanup for Final Submission (#461)
* Compile LaTeX PDF

* Compile LaTeX PDF

* Compile LaTeX PDF

* updated template with new template

* wrote design iteration and design decisions

* wrote reflection section 5

* updated license

* removed unnecessary line in license

* Update Reflection.tex

* added relevant courses

* wrote knowledge/skills outside of courses section

* fixed spacing

* added missing revision history in SRS

* added summary of VnV Plan and VnV Report changes

* filled out readme files in repo and removed unused folders

* modified README files in other folders

* preliminary design doc change summary

* fixed some wording and added change summary for SRS

* updated submodules, removed unused submodules

* completed reflection doc based on current changes in response to feedback

* fixed header in src readme

* added coding standards in src readme

* fixed broken links in src readme

* fixed eslint link

* rearranged readme

* removed unused list of figures from HA and removed unnecessary src files

---------

Co-authored-by: r-yeh <r-yeh@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Allan Fang <32990185+allanfang1@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Grocery Spending Tracker

Developer Names: Ryan Yeh, Allan Fang, Sawyer Tang, Jason Nam

Date of project start: September 17, 2023

## Project Description

With the ever-rising cost of living, the financial burden of everyday purchases is constantly growing. This is especially true for groceries which puts spending on food at an all time high. This is a problem for all households but is especially true for low-income individuals such a students. As a result, the emphasis on managing personal finance and spending has only grown. To assist these individuals, we want to develop an app to help them better understand their spending habits and make well-informed consumer decisions. 

The objectives of this app would be to:
- allow users to track and categorize grocery spending via photos of receipts
- track and analyze personal spending trends based on receipts
- utilize other receipts from other users to recommend cheaper alternatives for similarly purchased grocery items

The development scope of the app would be:
- A UI for a mobile app
- Optical character recognition
- A centralized database for all products
- Mapping of receipt names to database names
- A social network to recommend cheaper alternatives to users

With this app, we believe users will be able to make smarter decisions about what they purchase and minimize the financial burden of increasing costs.

## Folders
The folders and files for this project are as follows:

- docs - Documentation for the project
- refs - Reference material used for the project, including papers
- src - Source code

Tests can be found within their respective submodules in the src folder.
